# Intro 

## Overview 

PhoenixProdmin is an elixir package that modifies a Phoenix Project to be
maximally simple to deploy.

Normally, there is a collection of manual tasks that are required to make a new
Phoenix app boot in production mode.  The goal here is to eliminate 100% of
these manual tasks, so a new Phoenix app can be immediately booted in
production mode without any editing.

I should be able to do the following:

```
mix phx.new myapp --no-ecto     # build the app
<auto-apply PhoenixProdmin code_mods to eliminate manual edits>
cd myapp 
mix deps.get 
MIX_ENV=prod mix phx.serve      # and it just works in prod!
```

This package in intended for the following types of applications:
- internal apps that don't need SSL 
- Phoenix apps that are used as Static Site Generators 
- quick-deploy prototypes

The core machinery of PhoenixProdmin will be an Igniter Installer.  

## Usage 

The recommended usage model leverages Igniter:

```
> mix igniter.new myapp --with phx.new --with-args="--no-ecto --no-email" --install phoenix_prodmin
```

By running command, the `phoenix_prodmin` install task will replace
`config/runtime.exs` with a templated runtime config file that provides the
following pre-configured options:

- Disable SSL 
- Host 0.0.0.0
- Hard-coded secret key
- Any other codemods that require manual editing

## Ideas 

- if we completely replace runtime.exs, it probably would be a good idea to keep a backup copy 

## Questions 

- should this use a templated runtime.exs, or should we have igniter / sourceror code to modify the existing runtime.exs? 
- what other simplifications should be made to 100% eliminate the need for any `:prod` config (`server: true`?)
- do we need to modify `config/prod.exs` or other config files?
- should we provide a mix task that performs asset preparation (digests) required for prod? eg `mix phx.lite.serve`
- should elixir releases be within the scope of this package?
- what else needs to be considered?

